hello everybody this is yoga rules with
another video review the Transformers
Animated grimoire agencies for your
class have you been block which is a
very nice figure this model of credit
t-rex dinosaur is the leader of the
Dinobots in the new animated series
cartoon there are only three line of us
us so far when the g1 original there
were five and this is a brain block it's
it's a boy your class the other two are
Deluxe's swoop and snarl and this
dinosaur mode it's pretty neat and you
can see that scholars students has a
silver plastic with some lines in bread
some other polar princess here just
black here and we have their the
Autobots you move in in silver each
other let me now have the other what
simple like a sphere translucid it color
blue and reduce it ice so if you reflect
light right there you will glow will
make di squirrel you also have here a
gimmick you push this button and the
mouth opens up pretty the only thing
they are analyzing in this mode it's
doesn't have this panel here just below
the neck you can actually see a room
locks face right there that's the only
thing that unlike a spare such relation
in the robot in the distant additional
you can move up and down and bend from
the knees so you can put this value in
various positions
smelling right there right I highly like
that I really like this then somebody
said from left and one of the best
dynamics and needs definitely a great a
tribute to the g1 Dinobots and also the
transformation is lightly the the same
as the g1 and now we're going to start
transformation the first thing we have
to do is to split here and the tail here
into like so and then I have to bring
this whole panel pull it down there hi
these two panels going to become the
heels up his legs right there that
interpolates too high here they're
dinosaurs hands oh and bring this home
town this chest piece put this top mixed
up and down here d the arms the legs are
going to become now grimlocks arms
to destroy later rotate through the hand
we'll listen here there you know and
finally we're going to put stores your
bunch of it like this credit and we now
have an animated by block in robot so as
you can see the color scheme is
basically the same as the Rope has the
dinosaur mode we have more gold here and
the chest piece use plastic here
transfer the plaster with over the
Autobot symbol fit it in silver yeah
this purple red flag and of course a
translucent blue here for the ice so you
can reflect light through his head and
glow in the ice this varsity fellation
we have movement here on the head up and
down the arms Bend from the elbow up and
down the legs bend from the knee so you
can put this value in various positions
it also comes here with the weapon this
is his sort or and as you can see you
have some flames there so you pull this
down this little lever here and locks
all the flavors right there and you put
this when you play this right there
into room locks half and when you move
this on the plane will Gogh like so
let's do that again there you go
animated Grimlock I like this figure
eight pretty much it I say right right
before inside very nice tribute to the
Dinobots fairly accurate to the cartoon
and I think one of my favorites from
this line of the animated series so
after this these guys already available
in stores so if you see this definitely
pick up and animated Grimlock